add mssql dns alias resource support (#1)
wuxu92/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_server_dns_alias.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mssql_server_dns_alias"
description: |-

>   Manages a Resource Group.

Reviewer: This needs update

---

# azurerm_mssql_server_dns_alias

> Manages a Resource Group.

Reviewer: Also here

## Example Usage

```hcl

> resource "azurerm_mssql_server_dns_alias" "example" {

Reviewer: Can we also add up the depended resources here?

  name = "example"
  mssql_server_id = azurerm_mssql_server.instance.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `mssql_server_id` - (Required) The ID of the mssql server. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mssql_server_id` - (Required) The ID of the mssql server. Changing this forces a new MSSQL Server DNS Alias to be created.
```

> * `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Resource Group. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this MSSQL Server DNS Alias. Changing this forces a new MSSQL Server DNS Alias to be created.
```

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

> * `id` - The ID of the Resource Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the MSSQL Server DNS Alias.
```

* `dns_record` - The fully qualified DNS record for alias.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when creating the Resource Group.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Resource Group.

> * `delete` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when deleting the Resource Group.

Reviewer: Resource Group -> MSSQL Server DNS Alias

## Import

> Resource Groups can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSSQL Server DNS Alias can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```
